README.md, before:

# oVirt Node CoreOS

Welcome to the oVirt Node CoreOS source repository.

This repository is hosted on [gerrit.ovirt.org:ovirt-node-coreos](https://gerrit.ovirt.org/#/admin/projects/ovirt-node-coreos)
and a **backup** of it is hosted on [GitHub:ovirt-node-coreos](https://github.com/oVirt/ovirt-node-coreos)


## How to contribute

### Submitting patches

Patches are welcome!

Please submit patches to [gerrit.ovirt.org:ovirt-node-coreos](https://gerrit.ovirt.org/#/admin/projects/ovirt-node-coreos).
If you are not familiar with the review process for Gerrit patches you can read about [Working with oVirt Gerrit](https://ovirt.org/develop/dev-process/working-with-gerrit.html)
on the [oVirt](https://ovirt.org/) website.

**NOTE**: We might not notice pull requests that you create on Github, because we only use Github for backups.


### Found a bug or documentation issue?
To submit a bug or suggest an enhancement for oVirt Node CoreOS please use
[oVirt Bugzilla for ovirt-node product](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/enter_bug.cgi?product=ovirt-node).

If you find a documentation issue on the oVirt website please navigate and click "Report an issue on GitHub" in the page footer.


## Still need help?
If you have any other questions, please join [oVirt Users forum / mailing list](https://lists.ovirt.org/admin/lists/users.ovirt.org/) and ask there.

Commit message:

Fixes #1: Update readme that the project is abandoned

README.md, after:

# oVirt Node CoreOS

**⚠️ This project is no longer maintained. ⚠️**

If you want to work on this project please get in touch via the [oVirt developers mailing list](https://lists.ovirt.org/admin/lists/devel.ovirt.org/).

---

Welcome to the oVirt Node CoreOS source repository.

This repository is hosted on [gerrit.ovirt.org:ovirt-node-coreos](https://gerrit.ovirt.org/#/admin/projects/ovirt-node-coreos)
and a **backup** of it is hosted on [GitHub:ovirt-node-coreos](https://github.com/oVirt/ovirt-node-coreos)


## How to contribute

### Submitting patches

Patches are welcome!

Please submit patches to [gerrit.ovirt.org:ovirt-node-coreos](https://gerrit.ovirt.org/#/admin/projects/ovirt-node-coreos).
If you are not familiar with the review process for Gerrit patches you can read about [Working with oVirt Gerrit](https://ovirt.org/develop/dev-process/working-with-gerrit.html)
on the [oVirt](https://ovirt.org/) website.

**NOTE**: We might not notice pull requests that you create on Github, because we only use Github for backups.


### Found a bug or documentation issue?
To submit a bug or suggest an enhancement for oVirt Node CoreOS please use
[oVirt Bugzilla for ovirt-node product](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/enter_bug.cgi?product=ovirt-node).

If you find a documentation issue on the oVirt website please navigate and click "Report an issue on GitHub" in the page footer.


## Still need help?
If you have any other questions, please join [oVirt Users forum / mailing list](https://lists.ovirt.org/admin/lists/users.ovirt.org/) and ask there.
